SQK-RAD004/README.md, before:

# SQK-RAD004 Protocol

The protocol can be modified in the markdown file called `SQK-RAD004-protocol.md`.

The printable PDF version of the protocol is the file called [`SQK-RAD004-protocol.pdf`](https://github.com/MorrellLAB/Nanopore/blob/master/SQK-RAD004/SQK-RAD004-protocol.pdf). See below for how to convert the markdown file to PDF.

**If additional edits are made** to the `SQK-RAD004-protocol.md` file, use the Chrome extension [GitHub Markdown Printer](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/github-markdown-printer/fehpdlpmcegfpbkgcnaleindodeegapk?hl=en) to convert markdown to PDF. The resulting PDF will appear exactly as you see on GitHub.

Next, follow these instructions to generate an updated PDF:

1. Navigate to the GitHub webpage for the markdown file: https://github.com/MorrellLAB/Nanopore/blob/master/SQK-RAD004/SQK-RAD004-protocol.md and click on the GitHub Markdown Printer extension and a print window should pop up.
2. From here, click "Save as PDF", rename the file to `SQK-RAD004-protocol.pdf`, and save to the subdirectory [`Nanopore/SQK-RAD004`](https://github.com/MorrellLAB/Nanopore/tree/master/SQK-RAD004).
3. Then add, commit, and push the updated PDF to GitHub.

The resulting PDF is available here for downloading and printing: https://github.com/MorrellLAB/Nanopore/blob/master/SQK-RAD004/SQK-RAD004-protocol.pdf

This is a little bit of a "manual" process, but since these protocols don't get updated very often the time tradeoff is reasonable.

Commit message:

add suggestion to download checklists for the most updated protocol versions directly from Nanopore

SQK-RAD004/README.md, after:

# SQK-RAD004 Protocol

**IMPORTANT!** As of August 12, 2021 Nanopore has printable checklist versions of all of their protocols. These do require a log in to access, however. Please download the most updated version of their checklists/protocols when doing a sequencing run. They continuously update the protocol (e.g., changes such as amount of priming mix to load into the flow cell, etc.).

The protocol here, is outdated. Please download the most updated protocol from Nanopore's website.

---

The protocol can be modified in the markdown file called `SQK-RAD004-protocol.md`.

The printable PDF version of the protocol is the file called [`SQK-RAD004-protocol.pdf`](https://github.com/MorrellLAB/Nanopore/blob/master/SQK-RAD004/SQK-RAD004-protocol.pdf). See below for how to convert the markdown file to PDF.

**If additional edits are made** to the `SQK-RAD004-protocol.md` file, use the Chrome extension [GitHub Markdown Printer](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/github-markdown-printer/fehpdlpmcegfpbkgcnaleindodeegapk?hl=en) to convert markdown to PDF. The resulting PDF will appear exactly as you see on GitHub.

Next, follow these instructions to generate an updated PDF:

1. Navigate to the GitHub webpage for the markdown file: https://github.com/MorrellLAB/Nanopore/blob/master/SQK-RAD004/SQK-RAD004-protocol.md and click on the GitHub Markdown Printer extension and a print window should pop up.
2. From here, click "Save as PDF", rename the file to `SQK-RAD004-protocol.pdf`, and save to the subdirectory [`Nanopore/SQK-RAD004`](https://github.com/MorrellLAB/Nanopore/tree/master/SQK-RAD004).
3. Then add, commit, and push the updated PDF to GitHub.

The resulting PDF is available here for downloading and printing: https://github.com/MorrellLAB/Nanopore/blob/master/SQK-RAD004/SQK-RAD004-protocol.pdf

This is a little bit of a "manual" process, but since these protocols don't get updated very often the time tradeoff is reasonable.
